why B2B websites should repel people
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business gross show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly email where I share actionable
website and marketing tips useful
podcasts good resources and more to kick
off your week with a bang give it a shot
over at businessgrowth dot email so why
the heck should your website repel
people why do you want to steer
prospects away that might have come from
an advertisement might have come from
social email marketing maybe organic SEO
or elsewhere when you've invested time
resources or money to drive prospects to
the site why the heck would you want to
repel them well
far too many websites focus on
converting as many visitors as possible
meaning that their sales team might
speak to prospects that are not great
fit so rather than trying to ramp
everyone through your sales funnel and
trying to get as many leads as many
calls as many inquiries as possible
for many B2B companies especially when
you're providing higher ticket products
or Services you want to make sure you're
speaking to prospects they're actually a
great fit that you can provide value to
and most importantly can actually afford
the solution you provide so let's jump
in I'm going to share some actual real
life examples and pages and sites that
we've put together so you can get tips
on how to repel poor fit prospects and
attract and convert the right type of
leads with your website so we recently
launched a site for we have a meeting on
we have a meeting.com and on the home
page straight away in the hero the top
Banner area it leads with the three
juiciest the three main problems that
their prospects their target clients
comes them with so it's got literally
three boxes saying are you breaking into
a new sector or industry as box one are
you not getting enough meetings with the
right people is section two and then the
third box just not enough meetings so
you've got those three options each one
has a call to action as work with us so
straight away You're hit with these
three juicy problems they know that
their target prospects come to them with
so they know they resonate because
they've talked to their ideal clients
and they know this Intel and then each
one has got a call to action for work
with us and they'll work with us when
you click it it actually opens a
calculator so it's a pricing calculator
which runs through things like the
problems you face as you go through the
process it asks you more details about
what you require also asks your budget
so it has drop downs for their starting
rate which is 2K right up to 10K plus so
they can actually qualify prospects in
or out with that pricing part of this
calculator and as you go through it asks
things like timeline if you've got
certain requirements if you're confident
that they provide the offer that you can
actually work with it and get the deals
done in their case they offered
outsourced B2B cells outsourced sdrs so
it's basically as you go through their
pricing calculator it's qualifying your
budget in or out it's qualifying if they
actually do the work for you you can get
the results that you need so it's going
to be a good partnership then at the end
it then asks your details so ask your
name email number
at the end so two ways there straight
away the prob leading with the problems
they fix and then having a pricing
calculator to quickly qualify prospects
in or out and moving on through the we
have a meeting site they've got a really
unusual page called why shouldn't you
work with us that we built out so you
might have heard of the book by Seth
Godin called Purple Cow but it really
talks about differentiating your
business and standing out in the
marketplace this definitely does that so
what they've done on the why shouldn't
you work with us page is they've
actually listed out the most common
reasons why potential businesses
shouldn't work with them so in their
case they do Outsource sales Outsource
sdrs Legion so they've put you could use
referrals you could use LinkedIn you
could do it yourself you could hire
another sales team or grow your own and
they're basically listing out all the
reasons why people might not want to
work with them so they've probably got
these themselves their sales team have
faced these objections and usually it's
reasons why just people won't move
forward so they're literally putting on
your website so rather than across
respect this thinking might want to work
with them might not they're qualifying
them out with this page so they're
saving their own team's time it's a
ballsy move but it basically means that
their sales team can have more qualified
conversations because they're putting
these objections front loaded on the
websites when people do reach out
they're already aware of these things so
they're literally qualifying themselves
in or out nice and quickly and not
messing around so this is one to
consider or perhaps you could do
something similar on your pages maybe
you have these as FAQs maybe you have
them within your copy itself something
to consider and then last example on the
we have a meeting site is they've got
the FAQs page so again this is a great
opportunity to get with your sales team
what are those common questions that you
get each and every week from potential
clients that we can address address on
our website and save customers prospects
time and save our own team time on
Discovery calls and such so they've
literally got a question on this like
how much does it cost in their case 500
pounds per day so straight away if
someone can't afford that they can
qualify themselves out talking about the
processes like how do you do it what
sectors do you help what guarantees what
are the timelines what are the trainings
do you need training so think of what
are these questions you get all the time
let's address them on our website they
don't necessarily need to have a
dedicated page but perhaps you could
weave them in relevant Pages maybe
certain FAQs for your services maybe
there's resource sections maybe there's
locations you cover so thinking about
the FAQs for each key sector each key
page that's relevant and then weave them
in the content for that to address them
and save everyone time and the last
example is web choice so our own
webchoiceuk.com site it's our pricing
page which I believe is one of the most
powerful Pages especially in B2B I mean
most B2B especially senior decision
makers c-suite Etc they're strapped for
time so if they're landing on your
website especially if they're finding
you cold I through organic search or an
ad or elsewhere
chances are they want to quickly flick
on your site understand what you do
understand how it's going to help them
check your pricing is within scope it
works for them probably check some
results from case studies examples proof
of results for clients and then if that
checks all the boxes on those above
things they're going to reach out to
sales book a demo or book a call
whatever that next step is so if you can
quickly do all those things then you're
on to a winner whereas a lot of B2B
sites hide pricing which I believe is a
terrible idea because it's just going to
force leads force people to speak to
cells that might not even have budget to
do business with you so many SAS
companies software as a service will
have like a b and c tier which is fine
because their products are generic but
if you have a more custom bespoke
Services just like we do for SEO and
websites maybe you want to give ranges
I.E our pricing starts from this range
or maybe your top three offerings and
just like bracket prices so offer a is
one to five K off of B is 5 to 10K
office C is 10 to 20K plus so at least
that way you've got buckets people can
get an idea and then when they speak to
cells they can get a more tailored
solution so with our SEO pricing page
you can still the format we've literally
got a quick idea of what SEO plans
include a rough monthly idea of the
workload
we say for small businesses it starts
from 1500 a month and then for more
established companies SAS companies B2B
tech companies B2B services companies
that want to grow we're looking at 5K
plus per month
we've got call to actions so we've got
the pricing straight away then we've got
some social proofs we've got some video
reviews under that to back up our claims
then we've got more proof of results we
talk about our own page one rankings
with page one for web development
company keyword in the UK and a bunch of
other
web design and SEO terms and then we've
got a summary of the works with some
drop downs of the process
then we've got some literal FAQs we talk
about our full SEO process with videos
then we've handling common questions we
get again on this page using FAQ so how
do you drive Revenue with SEO how long
does it take can you guarantee results
is SEO a good fit or when is it bad fit
how do you outrank competitors we're
literally answering all these questions
we get on sales calls so people can see
that save everyone time and then we've
got some more social proof of
testimonials from clients some Brands we
work with and then call to action to
contact will give us a cool so packing
as much value handling objections and
making it easy for people to see if the
budget is within their scope and then
easily allow them to get in touch so
that's why pricing in my opinion is a
super powerful way to get results from
your website
when it's done right and a few other
ways that you can qualify and make sure
your website repels poor fit prospects
and attracts the right type of clients
is you could have a page on who you help
so maybe it has the sector or the
Industries or the client profiles you
typically get the best results for maybe
with some examples of the work that
you've done for them of testimonials
review videos and so on and maybe you've
also got a case studies for results page
so you actually show the work you've
provided again gives people insights
into the sectors that you provide the
best possible results for and shows them
the problem that they came to you with
how you tackle the project and the end
results and there you have it I hope
these tips on how to make sure you
convert the best possible qualified
prospects with your B2B website have
been of use as always if you're on
YouTube a quick subscribe is appreciated
or on the audio podcast a review or
rating goes a really long way and I
shall catch you on the next one cheers